---
layout: post
title: 'On the run: The race to build Beyoncé and Jay-Z a tour bus in Fort Lauderdale'
description: Fort Lauderdale-based Ultra Coach is in the final weeks of building a plush new tour bus for Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s On the Run II Tour, which stops Aug. 31 at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens.
categories: [ Beyonce, Jay-Z, Tour, Bus, Fort Lauderdale ]
image: assets/images/2018-07-13-tour-bus.jpg
featured: false
hidden: false
reference: http://www.southflorida.com/music/sf-beyonce-jay-z-tour-bus-fort-lauderdale-20180713-story.html
---
A million-dollar hideaway is being built for Beyoncé and Jay-Z on a nondescript side street in Fort Lauderdale, where workers are pulling 20-hour shifts to meet the pop-culture power couple’s famously high standards — even when it comes to a tour bus.

Sitting behind a small warehouse near Commercial Boulevard, a half-block from Lockhart Stadium, the richly appointed 45-foot bus, furnished with a queen bed fit for Queen Bey and a power supply usually found on a megayacht, will be a home away from home during the duo’s nationwide On the Run II Tour, which hits Hard Rock Stadium on Aug. 31. Price tag: $1.1 million.

With plywood ceilings and floors, cables and conduit snaking in full view, the shower and royal throne uninstalled, and the private kingdom still awaiting its queen bed, it was hard to look at the bus this week and imagine that Marco Ciotti and his five-man crew at Ultra Coach Inc. will meet their deadline. The bus must be in New Jersey by Aug. 1, in time for an OTR II concert in the Meadowlands the next day.

But inside the bustling warehouse, both the stress level and confidence are high.

“The show must go on. The artists needs their bus, and that’s what we do,” Ciotti says, acknowledging that work will continue until the last minute. “We are under such a tight window, that we’re already projecting that a small crew will be riding with the bus to do the final touches before it gets to New Jersey. I’m literally going to have to be finishing it as we’re driving.”
